---
title: 2022-02-24
---
Just like with Covid, I had a hunch that the situation in the Ukraine would escelate, and look at where we're at now, 9gag is full with coverage of russian tanks, Ukrainian TV's are showing almost dystopian Emergency broadcasts... I guess I just have a sense for that kind of stuff. But out of fear for my own life, I can't tell if it will also reach us.

I just can't help but wonder, what the consequences of all this are going to be. What if Putin succeeds? I doubt he'll be satisfied with just getting Ukraine. The only solution, that I can see, that seems favourable to us is that Putin and his entire regime are taken out, Russia is divided, and new governments are put into place.

Right now I'm just glad I live in Switzerland, though Ireland would probably be even nicer, even if they aren't technically neutral.

_16:00_
This whole situation is giving me severe anxiety... Right now I'd love to just be at home and play some more Dying Light and escape from all of this. 

_23:23_
I've always felt like I wasn't destined for that _regular_ life, meaning job, wife kids... - what I say with my parents. My fear is, that this war might be the reason for that feeling. Is this going to escalate and life as we know it will cease to exist? Everybody always told me that programmers would always be wanted, that it's a job with a promising future. That is, if the status quo (peace) continues into the future, almost indefinitely. But if it does not, and the luxuries we know now, will be taken away, then what good is my knowledge of centering a DIV? That won't build a real hut, or find me real food. 
It may not be this war right now, that puts an end to my career in programming, but it may well be the next one. Or the one after that. I have a very _mulmiges_ feeling with all this.
